fix: MD037 space inside emphasis (#20115)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/global_attributes/inputmode/index.md

  - : Numeric input keyboard, but only requires the digits 0–9.
    Devices may or may not show a minus key.
- `tel`
  - : A telephone keypad input, including the digits 0–9, the asterisk (<kbd>\*</kbd>), and the pound (<kbd>#</kbd>) key.

>     Inputs that *require* a telephone number should typically use `{{HTMLElement("input/tel", '&lt;input type="tel"&gt;')}}` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Inputs that _require_ a telephone number should typically use [`<input type="tel">`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input/tel) instead.
```
